Four surrendered generals
Ben would have ordered no need to drink
The article has been doing for you for so long
It's time to wake up
This is a fighter jet.
Ling Do Something
Why don't you deserve my life?
Waiting to recover his golden child
Let's fight together, I don't want it.
You still dare to order the 4th World War General
You think the corpse is too light to be broken into thousands of pieces, don't you?
Don't let your little bitch
Are you willing to be frustrated?
The general is here
Where am I going?
The four generals still listen to you
They are going to clean up Mu Guiying, that bitch
Greetings to the Lord
Golden Armor What has been delivered?
Please recall it before coming in.
Mu Guiying
What are you doing?
Mu Guiying, get your dirty hands off me
Also defiled my son's general armor
Or I'll make you die
This Phoenix tomorrow is the first session
And this golden armor
The second tortoise
Put it down